[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Every now and then I
come across a person
whose experience
has such truth to me that
I simply have to meet them.
Joining us today, Darius
J. Wright is such a person.
His out-of-body experiences
are perhaps the most profoundly
rendered I have ever
heard, reinforcing
a great deal of what I've
learned over my own lifetime.
For those of you who are not
familiar with him just yet,
let's meet Darius.
Darius, welcome.
>>DARIUS J. WRIGHT:
Thanks for having me.
>>REGINA: So good
to see you here.
You came in from
Australia, which is where
you've been living for a while.
>>DARIUS: Yes.
>>REGINA: So you're OK.
Your mind is here.
You're over your jet lag enough.
>>DARIUS: Yeah no, I'm
totally, yeah, all good.
>>REGINA: So let's talk--
let's just launch into you
for those who don't know
you, your childhood a bit,
because all of this
started in your childhood.
But where it's leading to and
where it's led to is so needed.
So you're a little kid.
And you're a little
kid in Pennsylvania?
Where were you--
>>DARIUS: Yeah, born
in Pennsylvania.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So you're a little
kid in Pennsylvania.
And what starts happening?
>>DARIUS: Well, as
a child, you could
say the dormant abilities
were always awake as a child.
I was coming out of my body not
realizing that I was coming out
of my body, seeing
entities and beings inside
of, well, in my room.
And over the years of
doing that as a child,
I shut it down due to fear.
So all of this
paranormal activity,
I was like, OK, because I
was seeing so much stuff,
things were happening to
me, I just shut it down.
Fear is the number one way
to shut everything down
within the body.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, what kind of creatures
were you seeing or beings?
What array of things
through those young years?
>>DARIUS: Well, they were--
now what I know what
I know now, they
were beings from
the other side that
was communicating with me for
the purpose of why I came here.
But I couldn't necessarily
understand that at the time,
and because I'm a child.
>>REGINA: What did
they look like?
>>DARIUS: Human.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: They're humanoid?
>>DARIUS: Yeah, humanoid.
Some of them were what
you would call angelic.
>>REGINA: OK, so almost kind
of interdimensional beings.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
>>DARIUS: Angels.
>>REGINA: But they scared you?
>>DARIUS: Because the way
that they were presenting.
The way that they were
coming through was so--
once you're leaving
your body, you
are in a state of
sleep paralysis
and your body's pretty much shut
down very, very aggressively,
you could say.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we're going
to get into that quite a bit
because that seems to be a
common phenomenon with OBE
experience--
out-of-body experiences.
And I want to know--
I know you go deeper into
it than a lot of people do,
so that makes sense.
But when you were
a little kid, you
weren't going out of
your body just yet.
They were just
coming in your room,
or were you going
out of your body?
>>DARIUS: It was both.
It was both.
So it was a shifting
between both.
And I was unaware of it, because
once you're out of your body,
it's no different
from the physical body
that you have right now.
So it's hard-- unless you
understand certain things,
then you could clock
certain things.
Well, the longer
you're there, you'll
start to see a lot of things.
But it was between--
shifting between both some
of them were coming
into my space as a child
and I was viewing them,
physically seeing them
while I was physically awake
and also coming out of my body
as well.
>>REGINA: OK, so
that gets you going.
And I thought we'd jump forward
a little bit because you just
mentioned a little bit about
the sleep paralysis, which
that seems to be a common
theme when people have--
when they meet their
brethren on the other side.
So is it perhaps
necessary that the body
goes into a state
of paralysis when
we're having these encounters?
Or I know we're
multi-dimensional, what part
of us is paralyzing the body?
Tell us what it's like
from your perspective.
>>DARIUS: So it's
not necessarily--
there are some individuals
that can leave their body.
It's a rare occasion
where you're not
entering sleep paralysis
and then you just leave.
This is where you'll
find individuals
where they are in
a dream, in their
exiting their dimensional
space into base reality.
Now sleep paralysis is
one of those things,
it's the initial
state-- well, it's
the stage of where the body
is completely shut down.
So once you're there,
the electromagnetic field
of the body that glues
the soul in is very low.
And this allows the
soul to easily exit.
>>REGINA: So it's almost a
matter of necessity in a sense
while you're learning this.
>>DARIUS: Yes, it is.
It's one of the foundational
steps of learning
how to do this at will.
Now--
>>REGINA: But it's scary.
So let's talk about the
fear that you and your body
experience because of fear.
>>DARIUS: So it's both things.
So the body has a
natural instinct
to want to adrenaline and
instincts of protection.
The same thing with the soul--
well, it's not with the
soul, but when you come out
of your body, one of the
things that's going to happen
is your body isn't
necessarily going
to want to let the soul go.
So this is where you get
this tug of war happening.
And it's all based on how
deeply shut down the body is.
So once you exit,
the thought forms
that you think right now,
who you are, here right now,
does not change.
So when you go into
the state already
with fear or preset fears in
the past within your thoughts
and you're popping out who
you are does not change,
and you bring that with you.
And when you come out
of your body with that,
you're going to see
things within your field
that you have thought about.
And this is where every
soul is presented with.
>>REGINA: And this, to me,
where it all is happening,
the whole thing, the
whole game is happening.
It's so fascinating.
And when you mention
this, you say
that the body doesn't
want to let the soul go
because it must feel
a lot like a death
experience or near death.
I think you talked about that.
I've heard you talk about
just get tired of feeling
like you're dying.
It's scary.
So let's talk about it.
>>DARIUS: So the
out-of-body state
is no different from a
near-death experience.
It's a near-death experience
controlled is what I like
to say, because you are--
the same process of when you
die, the soul will leave.
And therefore, your
access to the other side.
Same thing with an
out-of-body state.
But people like to mix this
up with other terminology
of astral projection or lucid
dreaming and things like that.
>>REGINA: And I wanted to ask
you about that because those
are conflated a lot of times.
What is astral travel then?
>>DARIUS: Astral travel
is, you could say,
a made-up term for accessing
your dimensional spaces
because once you
leave the body, you
will access your field,
your dimensional space.
This is, like I said
before, everything
that you've thought about is in
that space and you materialize.
Everything that you
think of is instantly
materialized in your field.
So when you have people that
have a strong belief system
of let's just say, hell--
let's just go to near-death
experience people.
They will cross
over through death,
cross over and access
what they call hell
in their dimensional space
because they're in such
a state of fear and anxiety.
And to they say, they
get to the point where--
why I've gotten-- where
I said, you know what?
Over all the years of doing
this, I'm no longer afraid.
I don't care.
I don't care anymore because
nothing had touched my soul.
And I stepped into that.
And when near-death
experience people also
come to that
realization of like,
whatever they believe in
to believe in, help me,
then all of a sudden, they pop
out of their dimensional space,
they access all things again.
So the same applies
here as well.
>>REGINA: So what would
you call it then--
what facility or people using
by way of, say, remote viewing?
>>DARIUS: So remote
viewing is a--
it's a form of this, but it's
not as what I'm talking about as
well, because remote viewing,
you're just accessing--
>>REGINA: It's like you're
sending your mind out to survey.
>>DARIUS: Yes.
>>REGINA: I do that, but I
don't like leaving my body.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
So with remote viewing,
that's what you're
doing, what you just said.
But you're-- the body
isn't fully shut down.
It's still consciously awake.
So you're not necessarily really
viewing things as detailed
as you can be--
>>REGINA: If you're really out.
>>DARIUS: If you're really out.
Because once you
interact with objects,
once you're fully out of your
body, picking up a glass,
touching a table feels
more physical than actually
touching it right here.
>>REGINA: And I
think people probably
have a hard time getting
their minds around it
that once you go into
your non-physical state,
you feel more physical
and the world around you
is more physical.
>>DARIUS: Yes.
Yeah, that's one of the
biggest shocks for me
when I was having them
or still have them.
But in the beginning of doing
this, when I was coming out,
I was like, wait a second.
Like, this is no different.
And when I was touching things
like a door, the door was more,
you could say, it was
more dense in a sense
because you're accessing
all of the array
of the energy at that point.
Here, we think this
is real, because--
>>REGINA: We're getting kind of
a flat one-dimensional sensual
feeling about life,
it seems, compared
to what you're saying about
it, where you're feeling
all of the energies involved.
We're only feeling the material.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Well, the physical
bodies could only
access a certain
field of energy.
But when you're in your
soul, you access all of it.
So it's more real and physical
than it can ever be here.
So, yeah.
>>REGINA: That sounds fun, OK.
So let's go to Morocco.
So you've gone on,
and how old were you
when you were in Morocco?
So you're in your teens
or something, late teens?
>>DARIUS: Yeah, young.
19.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So now you're ready to--
you've had a lot of experience,
you're comfortable
somewhat of with this,
and you've seen a lot.
Now you find
yourself in Morocco.
And you're popping out
of your body every day,
but you're not really
wanting to per se.
It's not by choice.
So let's talk about your
Moroccan experience.
>>DARIUS: So when
I was in Morocco,
this was an uncontrolled
experience for me.
It was, you could say, the
reactivation of this, again.
>>REGINA: After
shutting it down.
>>DARIUS: After
And there was a point in time
in Morocco, every single night,
I'm in sleep paralysis,
popping out of my body.
I was coming out, seeing all of
these things like that were--
it was just like, what is this?
What is that?
Interacting with certain things.
And I actually
begged it to stop,
because when you go through the
process of leaving your body,
you go through the process
of feeling like you're
dying every single time.
There's no avoiding that
because you're actually
leaving the physical body.
>>REGINA: I've done
that a couple of times.
I don't like the feeling.
It's hard.
It's harsh.
>>DARIUS: So I didn't have
control over it in that time.
So it's just like, OK, I'm
going to go to sleep tonight.
And I'm going to leave my body
and go through this sensation
all over again.
I was seeing things
in Morocco and out
of my body, like the first
sensation of actually seeing
dimensional space or through
portal access points,
seeing how the
energy actually, we,
as a soul, influence
everything around us.
Our energy signature literally
influences everything.
So, yeah.
>>REGINA: And so,
you said that--
at one point, I was
listening to you,
that you didn't really want
to leave the room initially.
It's like--
>>DARIUS: No, no, no.
>>REGINA: --OK.
Let me just have a
safe space to explore.
So let's talk about
the kind of things
you explored in your room,
and then what happened when
you chose to leave your room.
>>DARIUS: OK, so when
I was in the room, one
of the first things that I
remember interacting with
is seeing all of the array
of colors that aren't here.
So there's colors
that I can't even--
they're just different
forms of color there.
And it was me just
moving with my soul,
interacting with my field, like
I could feel all of the colors,
and it was all on the
walls and stuff like that.
And i would-- I
remember this one thing.
I would actually lift
up my skin of my soul,
and I would lift it up,
and then I would let it go.
And then I would
feel that energy just
ripple through the entire room.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>DARIUS: And everything
starts to-- like
the colors and everything.
So there's other
parts of it too,
where I remember
looking into mirrors
and I was seeing the sort
of mandala or fractal effect
that mirrors have.
And I didn't know what that
was back then, but fast forward
into now, now doing this
at will, going into those,
mirrors are dimensional
space access
points for your
dimensional space,
accessing potential time
events, which that's
a way that you could do it.
It's a little trick that
the way that you could--
>>REGINA: Oh, so that's why it
was used in mystical traditions
throughout history.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
An access point.
Oh, interesting.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So then, ultimately, you
met a being named Celeste.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, so
this was back at 16.
>>REGINA: 16.
So let's talk about her and what
she was there for you, and--
>>DARIUS: OK.
So at 16 years old, this
was a point in my life
where I had enough.
Now, you may think, and people
that are listening to this
may think, well, how could you
have enough at 16 years old?
Well, you need to go
back into my childhood
and also where I was at 16.
>>REGINA: What was your
childhood like when you weren't
in dream time and out-of-body?
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
So it's-- my childhood is
very spiritually upbringing,
so understanding all of these
things at a very young age.
>>REGINA: Lucky you.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
And also understanding
how the system works,
how the control
structures work here,
Federal Reserve,
banking, et cetera.
So at 16 years old, I had--
I understood all of
the control mechanism--
control structures
within this realm,
and also understanding
the spiritual warfare
that's at place here as well.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I will get into that.
How did you learn
about these things?
Was it from the
people around you?
From your own research, your
guides, or a combination
of all the above?
>>DARIUS: It was a
little bit of both.
Some of it was from my parents.
And then the rest of it was
from me just accessing, getting
information, and stuff.
>>REGINA: You could see what
was going on out in the field.
>>DARIUS: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: So before
we go any further,
just since we're
on that right now,
because we were
talking about the fact
that we're in a
frequency war of sorts.
I don't like the word
war-- challenge, struggle--
but we're there.
And there are
controlling structures.
When you go out into
the construct, which
we're going to get to in a bit.
What does that look like?
>>DARIUS: So, outside of
the construct, completely?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>DARIUS: So when you get
out of this construct that
has 12 realms, you are viewing
this from God's point of view
at that point.
So you can say God's
creation, this place
was created, just like the
physical bodies were created,
perfectly designed,
based off this construct.
So when you're looking at
it from the outside, you--
There's images that I've
shared before, but it's--
you see everything
at that point.
The main construct, which is
here, when you have these--
>>REGINA: You show
images of that--
I like that one you
have with the three
images of the constructs here,
and the realms we're seeing,
and then the dimensions.
I really like this.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, yeah.
So then, you end up seeing our
construct that we're within,
but then you also start to see
the vast array of constructs
all through.
I just say God shelves
stacked on God's shelves.
And--
>>REGINA: Universes.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, universes.
People use terminology
like worlds.
But they're just different
creations, creations based off
individual souls wanting to
create due to their own soul
expression, wanting to create
something that they love.
And that's basically--
>>REGINA: So when you look
at it from that conflict
point of view, and you look
at Earth and the construct
that we're all in right now,
because we're all sensing this,
everybody can feel like, no,
I'm not buying it anymore.
Everyone watching
this has gotten
to the point where saying
I'm not buying it anymore.
What's that look like when you
looked at it from the outside?
>>DARIUS: Well, now, here,
we're in such a great deception.
It's this place with
the history is a lie.
The information of what this
place is and who we actually are
is a lie.
I mean, you take
a look at how they
try to put so much people
in fear, fear of death.
And that's a big one,
because why are you fearing
things that don't exist.
So you put a soul into fear.
Fear is the number one
way to control the soul.
It's also the number one way
to have dominion over your soul
expression.
So when souls are in such
a fear-based state here,
automatically it cuts them off
from accessing all things again.
>>REGINA: So would
you say that looking
at it from that point of view,
it was an experiment by design
or something that got hijacked?
>>DARIUS: It was a creation to
experience the extremes, yes.
So this was created for--
the purpose of this has
been fulfilled many times,
what people call duality.
So you don't necessarily
get an experience like this
throughout all of the other
constructs in creation,
because this is the only
one where you forget who you
are when you enter the space.
>>REGINA: Right.
That's a big deal.
>>DARIUS: Well over there
you don't, because you're
in your soul, your soul
is physical, more physical
than the physical body.
So when you enter different
places there, constructs,
creations, you're entering
it with full remembrance
of who you are, the
divinity of who you are.
And you're not necessarily
being born and dying.
>>REGINA: That's very much
this kind of matrix construct--
>>DARIUS: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: --where you have to
incarnate into a physical body,
and you're really not free to
see yourself and everyone else
until you're out of the
physical body again.
>>DARIUS: No.
Well, the physical
body is the veil.
That is the veil.
>>REGINA: The veil, yeah.
>>DARIUS: So when
people think about,
I want to pierce the
veil, it's out here.
It's actually the body,
because once you pierce
this physical body
through leaving the body,
then you'll quickly realize
if you have no fear,
then you access all
of it all over again.
You stand for the second time.
>>REGINA: OK, And you
just said that we've
been through this dance
a number of times.
We've completed the
duality dance on Earth
a number of times.
So why does it keep
recreating itself?
Why do we keep recreating it?
>>DARIUS: So it's the
cycles, cycles of time.
This construct has fixed
event markers, cycles.
Now, this has-- you
go back in history,
you'll see that it's the great
wars, even the present day,
we're still having
wars even though we're
living on the destruction of the
old world, which was everything
was open at that point.
So it's just basically repeating
of certain cycles of time.
Now, the looping
of this, I would
say, due to the control over
souls in their not-knowingness,
yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We simply-- we don't know.
We don't know who we are.
We don't know what we are.
And that's definitely
kept from us,
I think, by design
and ignorance both.
>>DARIUS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So now we look at
this construct,
and we see this image
where you're looking in--
you can look into the
construct, and there are so
many different
realities within it.
And you see these-- some of them
are kind of like pools and such.
But then you see
these realms, and I'm
very interested in the realms
within our particular matrix,
because people are accessing
higher and lower realms.
>>DARIUS: Yeah,
so this would be--
OK.
So to-- this realm is realm 1.
This is the lowest realm within
this entirety of this construct.
Now, you could access, you
could say lower realms,
but what you would
really be doing
is you would be accessing
your own dimensional space
at that point, because this
is the lowest that it gets.
>>REGINA: I see
what you're saying.
So the construct you saw,
the physical is at the bottom
and the realms go up.
But there are dimensions
within those realms,
and you're embodying the
frequency of those dimensions ,
and they can be
darker or lighter.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARIUS: This is what
everybody will experience
based off their fear,
if they have any,
they'll experience
their own hell.
Because they're experiencing
their field, like I said before.
But this, we have a total
of 12 here, 12 realms.
Supposed to be-- the
13 is the container
of the whole--
containing at all.
This is where, originally,
we look at the calendars.
12 months, it's
supposed to be 13.
Everything is supposed
to be based off 13.
You even look at the DNA.
We have two But it's
supposed to be 12.
Originally, it's
supposed to be 13
because the bodies are perfectly
created to access and connect
to all of these spaces
because it's all
imprinted within the
physical body as well.
So you could also say, going
in a different direction
as well, the physical
body is limited
because it's pre-created to only
access the construct of that
which it was created for.
But the soul is not.
The soul cannot be
measured, cannot be touched.
>>REGINA: Infinite
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So what is--
let's go through the realms
and what people
experience once they're
able to pierce through
the veil of the body,
and explore into other realms.
And we're going to get to
level 5, which is where you
say what we call heaven exists.
And then we're going
to go beyond that.
So what-- give us a
flavor of the first--
the next realms that
we would experience.
What would they be like?
>>DARIUS: So, well, here,
realm 1, heaven is 5.
Heaven is still
within this construct.
You have the angelic
realms, which is realm 7.
Now, a lot of people,
7 is the angel numbers.
You have also the
realm of Eden, which
is, you actually start to see
them when you access things.
The biblical side of
things are distorted,
but there is a
lot of truth there
because most of the
texts and the tablets
all through history that
have been distorted,
it's telling you a story
of the true history
and also fables as well.
>>REGINA: Right.
There are a couple versions,
even in the Old Testament,
they're right side by side
in two different stories.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
So then, we have
the realm of Eden.
You have realm 7, which
is the angelic realm.
And then you also
have what people
call the God, what people think
God is, God's throne, realm 9,
but it's just a race of you
could say beings there that are,
you could say the Olympian type,
God-like stature of beings.
You have realm 12,
which is ancients,
which is what I've come to.
And you have realm 2, which
is also part of the galactics.
>>REGINA: Galactics
would be realm 2,
because a lot of people,
I say, they're in touch
with Galactic Federation.
And we do a lot on the
subject of UFOs and ETs,
so that would be realm 2.
>>DARIUS: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARIUS: Based off
of access realm 2.
>>REGINA: And then
realm 3 and 4?
>>DARIUS: I don't want to share
necessarily those, as yet.
>>REGINA: All right.
>>DARIUS: Just
because it's still--
yeah.
>>REGINA: It's still brewing
a bit, or hard to articulate?
>>DARIUS: It's certain things
I want to make sure is 100%
before I share.
>>REGINA: I can appreciate that.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's just
kick on to heaven, then.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
OK.
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's
talk about heaven.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
So heaven, heaven
is within here.
So when people
transition and cross
over or through controlled
out-of-body state,
because this could all be
accessed here right now,
but heaven is a place here.
There's many
different-- this where
you get there's many
different mansions in heaven
because it pretty much is
that, it's the heavenly realms,
heavenly creation.
And in this place you
have all the cathedrals,
you have also the
used tablets as well.
So this is the first
time that I was actually
shown in the heavenly realms
where they actually have
forms of organic technology.
You can say a phone,
tablet, they actually
access the whole
database of records.
And you can access also the
heavenly realm records as well
based off individual
souls, and et cetera.
But there's many records
all within this construct.
You have the halls
of Amenti, records,
you have the constructor
records, the universal records,
et cetera.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So where does
AI fit into all this?
>>DARIUS: AI is--
OK.
>>REGINA: If we're
talking thought,
and we're talking creation,
and we're talking,
we know that it's
throughout the universe.
It's been here before.
Where does AI fit into
this, our creation of AI.
>>DARIUS: OK, so the version
of AI that we are using now
is not necessarily
organic technology.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARIUS: But there, they're
tapping into what people also
say is the ether, the
information that is always
there and always present
within the field of everything.
Now, AI here is
a very distorted,
because as you come down
through the layers to realm 1,
everything becomes
much more distorted.
So we're getting a very
distorted layer of AI
here, which is not the--
>>REGINA: Not
serving in many ways.
>>DARIUS: No.
It's actually cutting people
off physically from what the--
>>REGINA: The organic AI?
>>DARIUS: I would actually
say the organic technology
that they have within them
because it's not necessarily AI.
Because it's more of
your soul has access
to all of the information.
>>REGINA: That's organic.
That's not artificial.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So, you were
talking earlier about mind,
you can see everything once
you get out of the body.
OK, you have said
that you can actually
kind of walk into an experience,
other people's thought forms.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about that
and how powerful the thought
form that we create,
and the incidental ones
we're reinforcing a
million times a day are.
>>DARIUS: OK, so what we think,
every thought that we have,
doesn't just vanish
into nowhere that is
within your individual field.
This is where it goes
into, you will always--
like I've said in
this before, you
will always face yourself
and meet yourself.
You will see the
things of what you've
created through your own field.
Now, when you're
out of your body,
you're not necessarily by
intentionally wanting to do it,
but it's just what is.
It's what you see.
So you come out of your body,
you also see everybody's field.
And it just so happens to be
within their field is their--
>>REGINA: Thought forms.
>>DARIUS: --thought forms.
And when you tap
into that field,
you can actually see their
thought forms manifest it with--
you could interact with it.
It's physical.
It's a physical thing that
you could touch, taste,
feel and you could interact
with everything that they've--
their most desires.
You could say their--
>>REGINA: Their greatest desires
because they've been reinforced.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So that would
lead to the subject
of being able to pierce
into the future a bit,
because it would
seem that reinforced
thought forms
ultimately concretize
into this dimensional reality.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
So thoughts and time are
very closely mirrored
together because the more that
someone thinks of something,
they create that possible
time event to walk down.
>>REGINA: So have you been
able to look into future events
when you're out of body
and seeing thought forms.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, I've seen the
potential time, thoughts forms,
like I've said already, but
I've seen potential time within
my field, things that--
I was coming out of my body,
and I would see things play out
in the out-of-body state.
And I was viewing
it and I was like,
am I seeing thought or time?
And it wasn't until I
started to understand
how to distinguish
between the two,
when you start to access time,
things start to extend and warp.
You actually feel the extension
and warping of things.
And it's like, OK that's
what I'm accessing.
It's time right there.
And then I would see
things taking place.
I would come back into my body.
I would tell people
that I'm close to,
this is going to happen,
or such and such is
going to walk in this
room and they're going
to talk to you about a TV show.
And I was just like,
tell me if it happens?
And I would wait
in the back yard.
And verbatim, played out
exactly how I saw it.
>>REGINA: It would
make perfect sense.
If you're in the field
of thought forms,
you know exactly
what's being created
by every single individual on
this planet at any given moment
If you chose to go there
and had proximity to them.
We're all in a
state of creation,
and it's all following
our desire and thoughts.
Which is interesting.
>>DARIUS: I just want to
say, too, so it's not--
the time side of things,
I've accessed a--
mainly due to my own personal
field, my own personal--
I've access to a lot of
that, my potentialities.
They don't always
play out verbatim,
but majority of the
time the stronger
that vision comes in
the out-of-body state,
the more physical that is.
It's because it's very--
it's a very probable timeline
to happen to occur.
But at even the
major event markers,
you're talking about
world event timelines.
I haven't really--
>>REGINA: No, not those so much.
I'm talking about
if you're seeing--
us people, as we're constantly
in a state of creation.
But then there is always
the interface with others,
the will of others.
Things that almost appear
to be accidental at times.
And we can have a
very strong creation.
We can get by in
all the way around,
and then, boom, someone
falls off a ladder
and breaks their back.
And they were the key
person in that endeavor,
and that's now delayed
and may never happen.
I mean, in that way,
you can see that you
can manifest a good degree--
to a good degree with your
own desire and thought,
but not to be upset if it
doesn't come about because we
operate with each other.
It's not just us.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, this is also where it goes
into, you need, when doing this,
to stand in integrity, always.
>>REGINA: Always.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, because it's--
you can't necessarily judge
things that you see from another
person because the creation
of this, of all things, is in
a state of unconditional love.
And you can't have unconditional
love with a judgment.
So.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
what my guides keep
saying too, that that
one thing is really key.
If we could just stop looking
at each other with judgment,
the quality of the
frequency of this place
would shift almost overnight.
Well, within a second.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it's-- yeah.
If individuals stepped into
that fully and completely,
they would quickly
realize that love
has been so perversed into
thinking that it's just
a submissive passive state--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARIUS: --when love
is a weapon as well,
it could pierce through all
barriers, barriers, all things.
It can move mountains.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>DARIUS: That's the
power of true love.
It creates everything.
It's the reason why we're
sitting here right now,
it's due to the
creation of love--
Or not the creation of love.
Due to--
>>REGINA: The existence of love
>>DARIUS: --existence
of love, yes.
>>REGINA: A famous
physicist once called
love the universal solvent, that
everything is bathed within,
throughout the universes
and all the constructs.
And I thought that was a really,
kind of, lovely way to put it.
So with Earth-- thank you for
explaining it to the extent
you have about the
various realms.
And then we have
dimensional frequencies
and our own experiences
and feelings
within each of those realms
with each of these areas
that you talked about earlier.
Now, let's go outside and--
yes, please.
>>DARIUS: Let me just say this
to maybe clear up this as well.
The dimensional spaces are--
let me actually
say it like this.
So when you're in base reality
on the other side, fully outside
of the construct, seeing all
of the constructs stacked
on God shelves,
it's sort of like,
imagine like you're in a city.
Let's just say, New York
City, or a town, or whatever,
and you're walking
down the street
and you see all these buildings.
Those are constructs.
Now, when you walk
into those buildings,
then you're entering a--
you can enter in multiple
different realms,
so that you're entering
a construct, a realm.
Now, the dimensional spaces
are like the little rooms
within that house.
Does that make sense?
And so when you pop back
out into the road again,
the sidewalks you're walking
down, you're in base reality
again, able to pop into
different constructs based off
how many realms
that construct has,
and the dimensional spaces based
off individual thought forms
that individual souls create.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it makes sense.
So someone could go into
a room and it's beautiful.
And another one goes in
and it's dark and ugly.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So it's your creation.
>>DARIUS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Right?
OK, so now let's say-- and
thank you for clarifying that.
So now let's go outside of
this construct altogether.
And I would love for you to
share with us some of you've
seen of other constructs
that have maybe
progressed further along--
that have progressed
further along
than our current mindset
and understanding
on Earth, and maybe some
that aren't as far along.
Because to me, it's
always intriguing
that space is a relative thing.
There could be a universe right
here in the palm of my hands.
There could be an
entire universe.
So tell us what it looks
like from your point of view,
and also the most shocking
place you've ever been.
>>DARIUS: So it's not
necessarily what--
so once you're outside
of the construct,
completely, fully
and completely,
it's not necessarily that
all of the other constructs
are more advanced than
we are further along.
Because as soon as
you're outside, you're--
everything is, you could
say at the same level
because you're popping
into different spaces
for an experience of
pleasure at that point.
But here is a place where we
experience the absolute extremes
of things.
Not necessarily, like I
said before, you could get--
and you can't get anywhere
else like you do here.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARIUS: So the other places
that I've been within here
and also out, like I've
said, is also the realms.
I've access to that.
I've seen all of the different
realms within this construct.
But then outside
of it, completely,
I've been taken back to
the beginning of things,
from 16 years old,
the first time,
and also three other times as
well, being shown the void,
the black space, which is
a the-- lot of people think
darkness is--
or the void is the black space
is a place that is a secondary
thing or it's-- but it's
actually the birth of all
things.
>>REGINA: I agree.
Primal, everything
comes from there.
>>DARIUS: Absolutely because it
contains all-- you could say,
it contains all the color.
Because even when
you look into this,
when you look into
creation-- let's just
go into the biblical
side of things.
They say God created this
place, said, let there be light.
Light is always secondary.
It's always a
secondary thing, even
in the spoken word and the will.
Even right now, when
you close your eyes,
you're back into a
version of the void.
And when you start
to imagine something,
you birth light into creation.
So we're actually the
birthers of light, you see?
>>REGINA: Yes, Yes.
I actually love the void.
I've gone there a
couple of times.
And I love the everything
and nothing, pure stillness
and silence, but
everything is present.
So, so beautiful.
So we've got the void.
And then we have other
places where you're playing
without so much extreme.
What kind of races
have you run into?
Different kinds of
interplanetary races
out there,
Inter-dimensional races.
>>DARIUS: So a lot of
the different races,
I'm going to start off just
within this construct first.
And then I'm going
to progress out.
Now within here, this
construct, 12 planes
of existence, 12 realms.
We have everything here.
Everything that is in
the history is true.
You have the dragons, you have
the Whites, you have the Greys,
you have the angels, you
have the Seraphims, the gods,
all of that stuff is these
beings still exist here,
even the, what
people call Anunnaki,
which is part of the-- a small
part of also the halls of Amenti
as well.
Those race of beings,
all of them are here.
And you have an array of
also the creatures here
that are talked about, like the
mermaids and stuff like that.
This was all taking place
here in a period of time.
Everything was open in a period
of time, where all of the realms
were interacting all together
within this construct.
This is where you get
heaven coming to Earth,
or the war in heaven, et cetera.
Because all of it was
taking place here.
Now, when you step out
of this place completely,
then we are just souls
operating in our bodies
at that point to pop
into other experiences,
to have an experience based
off us wanting to experience
something different.
>>REGINA: So what would
be one of the most
delightful experiences you've
had outside of this construct?
If that's a fair way to ask
it, is it say interesting?
>>DARIUS: All right.
So the most peaceful
thing outside of here
was the void, going
back there, because it
was a place where your soul
truly, you can say, rests.
It's like you are in a constant
state of access to all things,
but in peace at the same time.
It's not necessarily the--
you can say it's bliss,
but it's more you're--
>>REGINA: More quiet than bliss.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARIUS: You're just
completely in balance.
Like everything's
in balance, so yeah.
>>REGINA: But I'm kind
of curious about-- if we
have this crazy construct here.
There's got to be
really interesting,
strange stuff elsewhere, too.
>>DARIUS: Yes, there is, yeah.
So this is-- once you
come out of this place,
there are so many
different experiences
to be had outside of here.
>>REGINA: Have you ever had--
I mean, have you had some
that were just so completely
different than what we have
access to here at this time?
>>DARIUS: Well, you end up
creating spaces for yourself
or going into other
people's soul's experiences
to experience whatever it is.
Let's just have an example as
you want a realm full of dogs,
or something, a dog realm.
Well, then your soul
could create that
through its will and desire to
create it on the other side,
and create that construct for a
specific template of experience
for the soul to have to--
>>REGINA: So in that sense,
it's almost the only limitation
is our imagination
of what's possible.
>>DARIUS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So anything that we
desire that we can think of--
>>DARIUS: You could experience.
>>REGINA: --we can experience,
once we leave the body?
>>DARIUS: Yes.
>>REGINA: So we
could be any kind
of creature, any kind of
race of other creatures?
We could be winged creatures
or any creatures we want?
>>DARIUS: So, well,
yes because the--
your soul is not controlled.
Who you are, the essence of you
is an infinite creator being.
And so, people need to
understand that the universe
does not dictate consciousness.
That consciousness
dictates the universe.
And when you understand
that, then you
understand that you, your
consciousness, your soul
is the dictator of all things.
Same with every
other soul as well.
And this is where it goes into
honoring every single soul
for their soul expression.
Because you are-- each soul
expresses their uniqueness.
And we're not even like
the other in that aspect
because every soul is so unique.
>>REGINA: Like a fingerprint.
>>DARIUS: Yeah, there we go.
>>REGINA: We're so--
>>DARIUS: Perfect.
>>REGINA: We're so unique.
So when you look at
the entire thing,
you look at the
universes that contain
these constructs, the
bookshelves of God,
as you call it.
>>DARIUS: Constructs
on God's shelves, yes.
>>REGINA: Constructs
Do you see uber-consciousness
as a type of god
or a series of
god-like creators?
Or are we all a portion of that
and co-creating at all times
with it?
Seems like there's a hierarchy
to the level of creations.
>>DARIUS: OK, so
there's a hierarchy
here in between the 12 realms.
But once you're
outside, and let's just
say outside of all
things again, back--
just back in the
beginning, there's
not necessarily a hierarchy.
It's just always in a
state of being, your soul.
Now, to go back to
what your question was.
Is there a singular God?
Or are we all sort of gods?
Yeah?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Because I'm doing another
interview tomorrow,
and the subject of
intelligent design comes in.
What is that intelligence, the
source of that intelligence?
>>DARIUS: Got it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARIUS: So essentially the--
it's not necessarily
that we are all--
I want to explain
this in the best way
so people really,
really understand.
It's not necessarily that we are
all just one being all divided
into multiple different souls.
>>REGINA: Right.
We're individual.
>>DARIUS: We're
completely individual.
We always maintain
our individuality.
You never lose that.
So when individuals
think that you
lose your self of
individuality, that part
of the spiritual warfare,
it couldn't be further
from the truth.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARIUS: You see.
So more of what people call
God is us individual souls.
We are all God.
But when people talk about the
access to all things, the field,
it's because there
an, you could say,
a frequency of
energy that exists
that's sort of is an
information hub, like the ether,
like the internet.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARIUS: So yeah.
>>REGINA: So, we only have
a couple of minutes left,
and we've hopped on
to quite a few things.
What do you feel is, before we
part, the most important thing
for people to take away
to be able to start
uplifting their own reality
and that of those around them?
>>DARIUS: To step out of fear.
Like to fully and
honestly, to step out of
fear and step into love,
the true essence of love.
Because the-- when you fully
transition, individuals fully
transition, or through the
controlled out-of-body state,
everybody's going to
see and face themselves,
and they're going to
see everything again.
And it's not necessarily
that they're being judged,
because no one judges
you on the other side.
You are the ultimate
judger of yourself.
The unforgivable sin is the sin
that you can't forgive yourself
for.
So we are the
judgers of our self.
And so, when you do certain
things here out of accordance
of love, that is
the pain that you
will carry on the other
side, temporarily anyways.
But there is--
>>REGINA: Yes.
That perfect.
And you just said something
about forgiveness.
And this is something I've--
I don't really like
the word forgiveness.
I don't really believe in
forgiveness, but I do--
because I believe that if
you can simply open yourself
to understanding another person,
the understanding alone is--
that is forgiveness.
It overwrites
anything to forgive.
And right now, so many things
are happening in the world
that many people, even myself,
can no longer understand.
So the forgiveness
thing is a moot point.
I don't understand why
certain things are happening
in such an ugly fashion.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
I mean, this is where--
OK.
Each individual soul needs to--
an individual person,
you can't necessarily
judge them for where
they're at because they
are each individual souls acting
in their fullest expression
here right now in forgetfulness.
So who am I to judge,
or who is anybody
to judge somebody else
for where they're at?
Because eventually,
eventually, every single soul
is destined to become the
greatest version of themselves.
And that is waking up,
accessing all things again.
And that, no matter
what the path is,
should be honored and respected.
>>REGINA: So in lieu of
the notion of forgiveness
or understanding, we
can just put acceptance
with loving acceptance.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: That'll
take care of it.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Well, it's not--
I want to say this because
I know we're almost off.
It's not necessarily
just standing
when we're talking
about this, or I'm
talking about this not
necessarily staying
in a passive state.
Because you could proactively,
through the frequency
and through the
energy of love, pierce
through an individual in
that sense of awakening them
to all things.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Very, very good that
you've added this.
>>DARIUS: And when you pierce
through that, and you shake them
and you awaken
them, then they are
standing in their full
armor of fully being awake
and aware of all things again.
It truly empowers all.
>>REGINA: Beautiful, and
nothing more to say on that,
except thank you so much.
I'm so glad you flew in
from Australia to do this.
You haven't been back in
the States for a long time.
How does it feel?
It's very different than
when you were here before.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
I mean.
>>REGINA: You've
been down under.
This is a whole different
reality now in the US.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
I still like Australia.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK.
>>DARIUS: There is
a certain template
within this certain frequency.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARIUS: A grid
within this realm.
So yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, wonderful.
Well, Darius, I hope
to see you again.
>>DARIUS: Yeah.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you so much.
>>DARIUS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I hope you
enjoyed this conversation
as much as I have.
I mean, it really goes to the
core of pretty much everything.
Meanwhile, you can
learn more about how
to have out-of-body
experiences safely of your own,
and you can learn much more
by going to Darius's site
at dariusjwright.com.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on "Open Minds."
[AUDIO LOGO]